Fix spelling error (#35925)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/05-apis-and-microservices/mongodb-and-mongoose/create-and-save-a-record-of-a-model.english.md

## Instructions

> <section id='instructions'>

Reviewer: Conformant is an adjective which seems OK in this sentence.  Conformed seems odd to me.  How about the following?
```suggestion
Create a document instance using the <code>Person</code> constructor you built before. Pass to the constructor an object having the fields <code>name</code>, <code>age</code>, and <code>favoriteFoods</code>. Their types must conform to the ones in the Person Schema. Then call the method <code>document.save()</code> on the returned document instance. Pass to it a callback using the Node convention. This is a common pattern, all the following CRUD methods take a callback function like this as the last argument.
```

Author: Yes, "Their types must conform" is easier to understand, especially for the second language people like me.

Author: Yes, "Their types must conform" is easier to understand, especially for people who English is the second language like me.

> Create a document instance using the <code>Person</code> constructor you built before. Pass to the constructor an object having the fields <code>name</code>, <code>age</code>, and <code>favoriteFoods</code>. Their types must be conformed to the ones in the Person Schema. Then call the method <code>document.save()</code> on the returned document instance. Pass to it a callback using the Node convention. This is a common pattern, all the following CRUD methods take a callback function like this as the last argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a document instance using the <code>Person</code> constructor you built before. Pass to the constructor an object having the fields <code>name</code>, <code>age</code>, and <code>favoriteFoods</code>. Their types must conform to the ones in the Person Schema. Then call the method <code>document.save()</code> on the returned document instance. Pass to it a callback using the Node convention. This is a common pattern, all the following CRUD methods take a callback function like this as the last argument.
```

Reviewer: @thecodingaviator Why was the line I suggested (which is the same as yours) not able to be commit by user?  It looks like mine comment was resolved.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I marked your comment as resolved. You had actually made a suggestion on the deleted line, i.e. the red line. If you unresolved the comment and try to click on Commit Suggestion, you’ll see what I mean

Reviewer 2: Yes, I marked your comment as resolved. You had actually made a suggestion on the deleted line, i.e. the red line. If you unresolved the comment and try to click on Commit Suggestion, you’ll see what I mean

Reviewer: That is odd.
